# SCO_Entropy_Calculation
Spin crossover (SCO) compounds and vibrational states entropy calculation

Spin crossover (SCO) compounds are molecular materials capable of maintaning  stability in two electronic states (LOW and HIGH) with different magnetic response, and whose stability can be achieved by applying external stimulus such as light, heat or pressure. This property makes them ideal candidates to be evaluated in new electronic and spintronic devices and, consequently, these materials have received a great deal of attention in recent years. In those materials, the High Spin (HS) and Low Spin (LS) states of the
complex are very close in energy due to the equilibrium between different contributions: while enthalpy favors the stability of the LS state, the larger vibrational and electronic
entropy of the HS state stabilizes the latter at high temperature. This characteristic can be used to originate a thermally-driven transition between the LS and HS states at a critical temperature, where the two contributions are equal. Although the SCO phenomenon can be explained at the molecular level, the macroscopic observation is greatly influenced by how the individual transiting units interact in the solid state when the spin transition occurs. The degree of cooperativity of the SCO units defines the shape of the transition, (soft, abrupt, hysteretic) and may even originate a region of bistability that is highly appreciated especially if found at room temperature, as it implies a memory effect that is of potential interest in technology.

These materials possess different vibrational modes, each one owning its own relevancy magnitude within the molecule entropy. In order to quantify and verify each vibrational mode importance related to the molecule entropy, I used different python applications such as NUMPY and PANDAS.
